you are capable of deciding your destiny
the question your face is
which path will you choose
either we're going down are they are
everything
three disc blu-ray a two-disc DVD
tuesday november seventeenth and with a
digital copy of the movie take the
experience anywhere in the galaxy on
your portable device
I have been asked many many times over
the years if we knew how enduring Star
Trek it might be the answer is I don't
think anybody could have predicted this
fuck it work
you just could understand how we're
going to find the right guy to play spot
we were amazed and relieved beyond words
to find Zachary Quinto
you
JJ had said they want turn into a hot
rod and that's what I'm most proud about
actually was that we did turn the
enterprise and we kind of this hot rod
thing
I flare nice flag good how's your
program the lighting guys would be off
on the edge of frame with you know
flashlights putting them back into the
lens I still have a bone to pick with
Michael because I honestly feel like he
kept drinking one
so we're shooting a full body green
paint curtain gala getting it on being
and I've got my green all over cars we'd
be kissing and he'd pull away his face
would be green I was away ladies and
gentlemen this wraps I don't even well
we all just felt blessed to be given
this chance to meet with work with and
become friendly with this amazing actor
it was a profound experience I'm not
emotional I've had a great time and I
have not been looking forward to this
day and I think you've got a wonderful
movie here and and I think from the top
on down everybody has just been
fantastic I think you're a great great
bunch of tablet people committed and
it's just been a very very rich and
wonderful experience for me it's 18
years since the last time I played spawn
18 years hard to believe and it's 42
years since i first started it so it
means a lot to me to be here with people
tonight thank you thank you thank you
greetings cadet hello simulation
initiated select required orientation
stage USS Enterprise constitution-class
heavy cruiser designation ncc-1701 3dec
sickbay chief medical officer dr.
Leonard McCoy hey Doug main bridge
bridge crew stations command captain
james t kirk first officer commander
Spock fire
what test authorized
engage maximum warp
congratulations cadet the ship is yours
I'm impressed